Hello!

This is a readME file for my midterm project.

Things to Know (in order):

Controls (line 12)
Lore (line 22)
Puzzle Instructions (line 30)
Concept (line 39)


Controls:
A & D: Move cannon left and right
Spacebar: Fire cannon
S: Update score
Esc: Return to level select

Reason for Update Score:
I wanted the user to be able to decide when all the pins had finished falling down. If you want to pray that the pins will fall down on their own after the first shot, go
for it. 

Lore:
Evil pins are threatening to escape from the bowling dimension! It is your job to take them out. Thankfully, you have been equipped with your trusty bowling cannon. Due
to the ancient rules of bowling, launching bowling balls at the pins is the only thing effective against them. However, you only get two shots per level to take out the
pins (that's how bowling works). Green walls can stop the bowling balls, but we've manage to sneak some bouncy orange walls behind enemy lines to help get around those. 
Good luck, the universe is counting on you!
      
The pins do not disappear after they fall down because the pins believe in helping their comrades postmortem.

Puzzle Instructions:
Level 1 is very easy, it is made to resemble a normal bowling setup and let the user get used to the controls. Just hit the spacebar and then update score once the pins
are down.

Level 2 is a bit harder. You need to aim the cannon at the orange wall and shoot at it. If your angle is correct, it will bounce off the wall and into the pins.
Then, once again, update score once the pins are down.


Concept:
I thought bowling but using a cannon would be pretty funny. So I did just that. If I wanted to pick up this project later and build more things with it, I could add
more elements, like a wall that takes a shot to break to give the player an easier solution with the second shot. I also thought about adding powerups, like grapeshot 
or exploding cannon balls. More pins can be added to make it more challenging, and of course if you want to give the player more shots, that is also an option.
The infamous bowling alley screens could be added as well, which would be pretty entertaining to have over the solid background colors. However, with this game made, the
foundations are set for building more for this game in the future.
